Today is the Roseleaf channel
There are a few places I want to boo boo and I need something like that day
Not particularly relevant to the manager , especially in the room
When I'm in Cynthia's flood, I've sucked the juice of the plant, and I 'm sorry.
After that, excrement is messed up so dust is accumulated in it and it is a disease of soot disease
Soon to remove it and the in the cause
In Tsutsu that emits in got to Buber dry
Yeah yeah yeah
Toka or sink as soon as Well with water found
Once your cold but you're good to saying this about in the lion that's hard to kind of work report
I want to handle using iron bridge chemical damage I think
This is say bought under the main like overseas I
This is a direct officer
I see
Trees Generally I'll lent a little width, but this is a part of something that is happening
Hook side bending
It's just a scene
Well this always a windless tree
So please as I am going after here it is is that I Old eggs
Say
It Admirable I'd
Is 10/10 to
Buber white blue
It is also becoming
Either good
It is very Yoshida who can not go, and for meals
Please think and do it by all means
Oh